Simplify the In-cluster secrets example (#957)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/provider-kubernetes.md

### Authentication

It's possible to authenticate against the Kubernetes API using client certificates or a bearer token. Authentication using a service account has not yet been implemented. The operator enforces that exactly one authentication method is used.

**NOTE:** `SelfSubjectAccessReview` permission is required for the service account in order to validation work properly.

## Example

### In-cluster secrets using a Token

1. Create a K8s Secret with a client token for the default service account

```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: mydefaulttoken
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/service-account.name: default
type: kubernetes.io/service-account-token
```
2. Create a SecretStore

The Servers `url` won't be present as it will default to `kubernetes.default`, add a proper value if needed. In this example the Certificate Authority is fetched using the referenced `caProvider`.

> The `auth` section indicates that the type `token` will be used for authentication, it includes the path to fetch the token. Set `remoteNamespace` to the name of the current namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `auth` section indicates that the type `token` will be used for authentication, it includes the path to fetch the token. Set `remoteNamespace` to the name of the namespace where your target secrets reside.
```
